Mom, Ali is back, Mom,
On Sister Dabai’s side,
It's still as possible as it was when I was a kid,
There are some families who are pregnant with us,
Those who have hurt me are the ones who hurt her,
This set of gray people, oh my God,
God, God,
Oh my God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God ,oh god,oh god,oh god,oh god,oh god,oh god
Ah, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, Oh my god Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god,
You let your father's heart and feet
What did you hear?
You have always been the Tianjin eldest daughter of the family
I was your heart
What are you doing?
The bad thing about flat hitting
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
Feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling. Feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling. Feeling feeling